Documentation/UsersManual/Index.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _users-manual:

Users manual
============


.. _users-manualpage-setup:

Page Setup
----------

Please imagine the following page structure and put the mentioned
plugins onto these pages:

.. code-block:: none

	Events		<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Listing", List View
	|-- Details	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Listing", Single View
	|-- Subscribe	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Registration", Subscribe View
	|-- Unsubscribe	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Registration", Unsubscribe View
	`-- Eventdata	<-- Sysfolder for Eventdata

Backend Module
--------------

With the TYPO3 list module, you have to add three basic datatypes to the
"Eventdate" folder:

#. **Category**: The categories of your events like "Tutorial",
   "Lesson", "Workshop", etc. You can create a category tree.
#. **Contact Details**: The name and email address will be used to send
   the confirmation emails on subscription. The picture and the
   description is shown in the detail view and in the category list view
   of the knowledge bar.
#. **Location**: Add location with title, descriptions and links. The
   title will be shown in the ics-invitation.

Optional you can add:

#. **Disciplines**: Disciplines can be used as another filter tree for
   the list view.

If all this is done, you can start using the backend module on the left
column, called "Events" and select the Eventdata-folder or any page
below the slub_events template in the middle column.

.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-backend-module.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: The Backend Module

	The backend module appears on the right column if a page in the
	pagetreeg has been selected.


**Important:** You have to set the StoragePid of the Eventdata-folder on
some template (see :ref:`set-storage-folder`). Otherwise you get the
following error message:

.. code-block:: none

	Cannot find the configuration!

	<-- Please select a page or folder in the left tree to continue.


.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-error-cannot-find-configuration.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Error: cannot find the configuration

	Error if no page or folder is selected with the slub_events template.



Frontend Plugins
----------------

See :ref:`users-manualpage-setup`.

SLUB: Events: Listing
_____________________


SLUB: Events: Registration
_____________________


SLUB: Events: User Panel
_____________________


SLUB: Events: Genius Bar
_____________________

text2


Screenshots
-----------

Some screenshots to show the functionality used at the Saxony State and
University Library in Dresden, Germany (SLUB): `www.slub-dresden.de <http://www.slub-
dresden.de/>`_


.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-list-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Listing View

	Listing of Events



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-subscription-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Subscription View

	Subscription Form



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-category-wissensbar-event-list-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Knowledge Bar View

	Knowledge Bar View



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-category-wissensbar-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Knowledge View

	Knowledge View

Commit message:

fix error if calling the unsubscribe plugin without any event
git-svn-id: https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/slub_events/trunk@86038 735d13b6-9817-0410-8766-e36946ffe9aa

Documentation/UsersManual/Index.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _users-manual:

Users manual
============


.. _users-manualpage-setup:

Page Setup
----------

Please imagine the following page structure and put the mentioned
plugins onto these pages:

.. code-block:: none

	Events		<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Listing", List View
	|-- Details	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Listing", Single View
	|-- Subscribe	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Registration", Subscribe View
	|-- Unsubscribe	<-- plugin "SLUB: Events: Registration", Unsubscribe View
	`-- Eventdata	<-- Sysfolder for Eventdata

Backend Module
--------------

With the TYPO3 list module, you have to add three basic datatypes to the
"Eventdate" folder:

#. **Category**: The categories of your events like "Tutorial",
   "Lesson", "Workshop", etc. You can create a category tree.
#. **Contact Details**: The name and email address will be used to send
   the confirmation emails on subscription. The picture and the
   description is shown in the detail view and in the category list view
   of the knowledge bar.
#. **Location**: Add location with title, descriptions and links. The
   title will be shown in the ics-invitation.

Optional you can add:

#. **Disciplines**: Disciplines can be used as another filter tree for
   the list view.

If all this is done, you can start using the backend module on the left
column, called "Events" and select the Eventdata-folder or any page
below the slub_events template in the middle column.

.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-backend-module.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: The Backend Module

	The backend module appears on the right column if a page in the
	pagetreeg has been selected.


**Important:** You have to set the StoragePid of the Eventdata-folder on
some template (see :ref:`set-storage-folder`). Otherwise you get the
following error message:

.. code-block:: none

	Cannot find the configuration!

	<-- Please select a page or folder in the left tree to continue.


.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-error-cannot-find-configuration.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Error: cannot find the configuration

	Error if no page or folder is selected with the slub_events template.



Frontend Plugins
----------------

As mentioned in :ref:`users-manualpage-setup` there are several frontend
plugins to list, show and register to events.


SLUB: Events: Listing
_____________________

This plugin has three functions:

- *List View*: list all upcoming events in a chronological
  order. By default only future events (including "today") are shown. You
  can show event only from selected categories, disciplines or contacts.
  You can change the chronological ordering and you can show past events.

- *Single View*: show details of a single event.

- *List Month View*: this is an experimental view with fullcalendar. We
  are playing around with it.


SLUB: Events: Registration
__________________________


SLUB: Events: User Panel
________________________


SLUB: Events: Genius Bar
________________________

text2


Screenshots
-----------

Some screenshots to show the functionality used at the Saxony State and
University Library in Dresden, Germany (SLUB): `www.slub-dresden.de <http://www.slub-
dresden.de/>`_


.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-list-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Listing View

	Listing of Events



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-subscription-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Subscription View

	Subscription Form



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-category-wissensbar-event-list-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Knowledge Bar View

	Knowledge Bar View



.. figure:: ../Images/UserManual/slub-events-category-wissensbar-view.jpg
	:width: 500px
	:alt: Knowledge View

	Knowledge View
